all right well I'm going to do a sound
test on a 55-pound Harbor Freight animal
I just set this up there there's a stand
stand a six inch by six inch by 3/16
inch square tubing four pieces of it
welded together sitting on a half inch
plate in a three-eighths inch plate top
there we go this is a 28 ounce ball-peen
bring it up just let it fall
that for about four bounces fairly
decent rebound for a cheap 50 buck anvil
see that larger hammers though pretty
much take the beef right out of it
trying to show you that I'm not I'm
letting the hammer just float from my
hand but it's throwing me off right to
the smaller one here
like I need to tighten up a built-in
layer compression you'll notice on a
good animal you won't lose very much
between the face of the animal shoe of
the anvil and the Horn of the animal
this is a significant difference sign of
I don't know how they got this one to
perform as well as it does but it's just
it was an exception to the typical
Chinese rule that anything come from
China is junk somehow or another they
got this one to do pretty well anyway I
thought that might be of use to someone
that's a Harbor Freight 55 pound anvil